1.	What does the acronym KISS mean and how does following this make you a better computer programmer?

Keep It Simple Stupid- Makes all your code reusable and lets other people understand your code.
2.	What does the acronym DRY mean and why is it an essential principle of being a good computer programmer?
Dont Repeat Yourself- If any information of the program changes only one change has to be made.
3.	What is the difference between a database like MongoDB and MySQL?
MySQL:You need to create tables and retrieve information using sql commands, MongoDB: stores all items in an array as oppose to creating tables and your able to retrieve information with simple programming language using the array.
4.	If you were asked to write a program that could write at least 50 different HTML tags how would you do it?
Create a class that generates the tags by passing the specific tag as an argument and have the attributes that store information about the tags in that same class.
5.	What software design pattern would you be demonstrating in in the above solution?

6.	What version control system(s) have you used?
GITHUB
7.	What is GitHub and have you ever used it?
GITHUB is a version control system and thanks to our wonderful professor we learned to use it in our IS  683 class.
8.	What is the command to create a GIT repository
mkdir name of repository
9.	What is the command to tell GIT to start tracking the file?
git init name of file, git add README
  
10.	What is the command to commit your changes to the GIT log?
 git commit -m 'first commit'
11.	What is the command to add a remote repository?
 git remote add origin git@github.com:gitsb396/My-Project-IS683.git
12.	What is the command to send your committed changes to the remote repository?
git push -u origin master
13.	What is your experience working in a software development team?
We worked on  a java project in our java course, and we worked on a team in our database course creating a online address book and a online matchmaker database.

14.	How would you create a new file and directory in linux?
vi filename.
15.	How would you set the permissions on a file / folder, so that another user can write to it.   i.e. so you the webserver can upload a file to the directory.
# chmod r=rwx filename

16.	What program do you use to write your PHP code?
PUTTY, Eclipse,
17.	What is a constructor in PHP and how/why would you use it?
A constructor is a method that is called every time an object is created . You would use it so that every time a object is created it will call that method and give it what ever attributes or functions you want it to have.

18.	What is the difference between a class and an object?
A class is static and is the blueprint of a object that gets created from that class, So a object gets created and then destroyed 
19.	Why is it important to comment / document your code?
So that other people can read your code which allows for code reuse, and mainly that you the programmer understands your code when you look back at the code a few thousand lines later.
20.	What traits do you think a good computer programmer has?
Be consistent with formatting your code, Comment your code,Dont assume anything always test your code, and provide useful error messages.


